README.md, before:

# Jaling-Expansion
Jaling Expansion adds another human civilization which not connected to human space. Jaling have own space named Jaling Space.


# Content
Some content (ships) are from Endless Sky game until I create own ship and all land image for planet use Endless Sky images (some images are from google).

# Jaling Expansion
This is my first project for Endless Sky work since January 2017, and the goal is to add storyline and true evil aliens into this expansion. I hope if this expansion finished, It could be actually be added to the vanilla game.

# Factions
There are two Factions in this time now
- Jaling Federation : Are The Humans of The Jaling (Jaling Humans) with love, peace, kindness, and gentle personality. Jaling Humans are ex-Indonesian civilization and primary language is Bahasa Indonesia. The government of this faction are Rizky Pramudya and his love, Bella Putri Miftahul Nurjannah (Trovidia Queendom before). It established in  8 July 2025. This faction also called The Light Group because they use light magic elements as power. Jaling Human reach Tier 2.5 and reach developed civilization. The colony located in south of Coalition space named Jaling Space.
- Ulcenia : Are ex-Indonesian decadent group with anger, decadent, authoritarian, and criminal personality. These group escape from Earth in 2065 during Jaling-Earth wars and arrive in New Way Kambas, Lempung Bogor in 2700 via time machine. These group is one of other factor why Indonesian become anger and emotional. These faction oftenly steal Jaling human ships, outfits, and lot of accessories. The colony located in east of Jaling Space.
- Dark Beings (Not Implemented yet) : Are true evil aliens which use dark magic elements as primary power and very advanced alien like Pug. this faction ever make war with Setropis colony in Medieval age (200-800 M) and win during Pug-Dark Beings war in their galaxy with full strength. This faction reach Tier 5 as same as Pug.

# Ships
The ships in this expansion are :
- Hero Class ships (Not implemented yet)
- Tier 3 Jaling Ships : Dien (name taken from Cut Nyak Dien)(Not implemented yet)
- Heavy Warship : Fortress Ship (Not implemented yet)
- Medium Warship : Castleships (will implemented in near future)
- Light Warship : Dumer (Not implemented yet)
- Interceptor : Swordship (Not implemented yet)
- Freighter : Rodsh (Not implemented yet)
- Heavy Freighter : Qwintale (Not implemented yet)

# License
GNU General Public License v3

Enjoy.

Commit message:

Add History of Jaling Civilization in README.md

README.md, after:

# Jaling Expansion
Jaling Expansion adds another human civilization which not connected to human space. Jaling have own space named Jaling Space.


# Content
Some content (ships) are from Endless Sky game until I create own ship and all land image for planet use Endless Sky images (some images are from google).

# Jaling Expansion
This is my first project for Endless Sky work since January 2017, and the goal is to add storyline and true evil aliens into this expansion. I hope if this expansion finished, It could be actually be added to the vanilla game.

# Factions
There are two Factions in this time now
- Jaling Federation : Are The Humans of The Jaling (Jaling Humans) with love, peace, kindness, and gentle personality. Jaling Humans are ex-Indonesian civilization and primary language is Bahasa Indonesia. The government of this faction are Rizky Pramudya and his love, Bella Putri Miftahul Nurjannah (Trovidia Queendom before). It established in  8 July 2025. This faction also called The Light Group because they use light magic elements as power. Jaling Human reach Tier 2.5 and reach developed civilization. The colony located in south of Coalition space named Jaling Space.
- Ulcenia : Are ex-Indonesian decadent group with anger, decadent, authoritarian, and criminal personality. These group escape from Earth in 2065 during Jaling-Earth wars and arrive in New Way Kambas, Lempung Bogor in 2700 via time machine. These group is one of other factor why Indonesian become anger and emotional. These faction oftenly steal Jaling human ships, outfits, and lot of accessories. The colony located in east of Jaling Space.
- Dark Beings (Not Implemented yet) : Are true evil aliens which use dark magic elements as primary power and very advanced alien like Pug. this faction ever make war with Setropis colony in Medieval age (200-800 M) and win during Pug-Dark Beings war in their galaxy with full strength. This faction reach Tier 5 as same as Pug.

# History of Jaling Civilization
A thousand years ago (2016), there are children and teenager group in Indonesia, Earth. They unhappy and loveless because their authoritarian parents and difficult for find a boyfriend/girlfriend for love. Because it, Rizky Pramudya make decision to escape from Earth by making secrets contact to alien civilization outside Sol and success in 2018 when Pug come to Earth with Pug Arfecta. Then, in this time the group escape from Earth by entering Pug Arfecta and surrender successfully. They arrive in tropical planet called Setropis in Miftahul System, they found Trovidia Queendom ruled by Bella Putri (Original name of Bella Putri Miftahul Nurjannah). They meet and live in Tropivia City, Trovidia Queendom. 2 years later, Bella Putri become girlfriend of Rizky Pramudya relationship. 5 years later, Bella Putri enter Islam and make decision to marry with Rizky Pramudya and her name get additional name, "Miftahul Nurjannah" and going to be immortal human. And in Endless Sky, Jaling technology reach tier 2.5.

# Ships
The ships in this expansion are :
- Hero Class ships (Not implemented yet)
- Tier 3 Jaling Ships : Dien (name taken from Cut Nyak Dien)(Not implemented yet)
- Heavy Warship : Fortress Ship (Not implemented yet)
- Medium Warship : Castleships (will implemented in near future)
- Light Warship : Dumer (Not implemented yet)
- Interceptor : Swordship (Not implemented yet)
- Freighter : Rodsh (Not implemented yet)
- Heavy Freighter : Qwintale (Not implemented yet)

# License
GNU General Public License v3


You can give suggestion nor critics for this expansion.
